Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway has the number 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of Asphalt.
06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of Asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Danes is the demonym for the people of Denmark.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is known as the Prime Minister.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler.
The building of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan.
The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
Indian people inhabit India.
Julia Morgan's significant building is the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in print form.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in the English language.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in print.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
Addiction (journal) has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction journal comes under the academic discipline of Addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys notable work is A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played the 2014-15 season in the Football League, Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's full name is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is found in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger is in the 1. FC Köln club.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
Meride is a neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is a United States national.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin joined NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
Kevin Eastman is the creator of April O'Neal.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Jerry Ordway is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is also known as Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is a United States national.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is known as the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is a language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arrs negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be served in a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor and Shumai are variations of the same dish.
Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a food found in the region of Jalisco.
Chicken is a class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristoteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Spanish is a language spoken in New York.
Shumai is a dish from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, falls under the category of Contributing property.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Salem is the capital of Oregon which has Albany as its capital.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California and is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County in California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is located at 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and is 184.0 above sea level.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Amarillo, Texas is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where the language is English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is known as the President.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Arem arem is a traditional dish.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and one of its ingredients is chili pepper.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Bacon sandwiches are a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in a Bakewell tart, which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery belongs to the family of Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Columbian cuisine.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of batagor.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which is popular in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where the people are called Indians.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico is a dessert, as is cake.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso is a dish.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake mushrooms.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the language spoken is Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Asphalt and has a length of 877.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan whose leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3800 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Houston, Texas.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has the runway name 4/22.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who have 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH Greece season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F.C.
The fullname of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. and they have 47290 members.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, whose tenant is Jong Ajax.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK which is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Luciano Spalletti manages AS Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E book.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones written by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press which publishes the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba has the nickname Uab.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy and it is located in the city of Bangalore.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
Peter Laird is an American who created April O'Neal.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle.
The comic book character Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich and he was created by Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski who was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard, who served as a test pilot, is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962 and is now retired.
108 St. Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler, who is from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
The architect of 3Arena in Dublin was the company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was designed by architect George Richard Pain and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival style of architecture and is located in Sri Lanka.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The address of the Akita Museum of Art is 1-4-2 Nakadori and it has 3 floors.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and is a US national. He attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. Elliot See died in St. Louis where Francis G. Slay is a leader.
Elliot See died in St Louis, Kingdom of France on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form. It has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which is headquartered in New York City and publishes ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
AIP Advances was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and whose alma mater is Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. The OCLC number is 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Above the Veil, written by Australians, followed the book Aenir which is written in English.
Above the Veil is written in English and is the sequel to Aenir which was written by Garth Nix.
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which is the publisher of the Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Aenir, written in English, was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. It has the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
John Cowper Powys, author of A Glastonbury Romance, was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of Sage Publications which publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the clubs 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for ASD Licita 1931 and ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A league.
Jorge Humberto Rodrguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli. It has 1500 members and its chairman is Antonis Milionis.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool and they have 1500 members. Their ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and plays for Stockport County FC. He is also the manager of A.F.C. Fylde.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is the full name of AS Livorno Calcio which has 19238 members and its ground is in Livorno, Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci and play in Serie B. Carpi F.C. 1909 are previous champions of Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid C.F.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague Greece. Olympiacos F.C. are previous champions of the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C. and is attached to the club Real Zaragoza.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader. It is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader. It is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaair and plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti manages AS Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena. He played for A.S.D. Licita 1931.
Massimo Drago played for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He is the manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio. He is the manager of A C Cesena.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors, is George Winkler, who is from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Adare Manor, owned by J. P. McManus, was designed by Philip Charles Hardwick and completed in 1862.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was started on 30 March 2007 and is located in the United States.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the significant building of the Riverside Art Museum.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in New York City. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Liberal Democrats.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. Its leader is the New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Anaheim, California has an area code of 657 and a UTC offset of -7. It has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Anaheim is part of California where the California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of California is the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, United States, where the county seat is Fort Worth.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and has an area code of 404. It has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States, where the largest city is New York City.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of Washington state in the United States. Auburn is part of Washington state.
Auburn is part of Washington state, United States, where the capital is Olympia.
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia, which is part of Dougherty County. Albany is also part of Georgia.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
Houston is the largest city in Texas where the language spoken is English. Arlington is part of Texas.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Attica is located in Fountain County, Indiana.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Fountain County, Indiana, is located. Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language spoken is English.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Albany is located in Benton County, Oregon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
English is the language of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and Albany is located.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where the English language is spoken and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway name of 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a 1st runway made of poaceae with a length of 877.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and English is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and operates Atlantic City International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid. The leader party of Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. The leader party of San Sebastián de los Reyes is the Peoples Party.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States and has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is southeast of Carrol County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (local name Turk Sehitleri Aniti) is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains tomatoes.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and is found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from France and New York.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Columbian cuisine and is from the Paisa region.
Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is part of Columbian cuisine and is found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Indonesia and Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, a dessert, as is a cookie.
Binignit is a dessert that contains sago. A cookie is also a dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in binignit, a dessert, as is a cookie.
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order of Solanales. It also contains banana.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican peso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot people.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Tomato belongs to the order of Solanales and the family of Solanaceae. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has an academic staff of 250.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and the Frenchman, Rene Goscinny.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit and was Baymax's first film appearance.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Ryan Potter.
The comic character Blockbuster, whose alternative name is Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon.
103 Colmore Row was started in 1973 and completed in 1976. It is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa, as are Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, whose governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
300 North LaSalle in Illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors with a total area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, which was designed by the architects of 3XN and has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick which is part of Munster and is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia. The Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, which is lead by Cyrus Vance Jr. Brooklyn is also a part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is a leader in Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is lead by Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is lead by the Labour Party (UK).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II and the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language and Joe Biden is a leader. The leader of the United States is known as the President.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in Pennsylvania, United States.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, whose leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located. The monument was established on 11 July 1907.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The monument is located in Turkey where the leader is known as the President of Turkey.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and has an area code of 505 or 575. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 486.2 square kilometres.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S.A. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
The California State Assembly is the leader of Anaheim, California, which is part of California. The California State Capitol is located in Anaheim, California, where Spanish is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette Richland Union. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population of 102372 and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. The area code is 925 and the UTC offset is -7.
The Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey lead the city which has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code of the city is 609. It has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States. Auburn is part of Pierce County and King County, Washington.
Washington D.C. is the capital of Washington state in the United States. Auburn is part of King County, Washington.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, which has the county seat of San Marcos. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Anaheim is part of California where the Chinese language is spoken. The California State Assembly is located in the California State Capitol.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, which is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, in the United States. Anderson is part of Indiana.
Houston is the largest city in Texas (United States) where the language spoken is English. Arlington is part of Texas.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. The state is led by the New Mexico Senate, led by John Sanchez.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and is lead by the Mayor of Albuquerque.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola is part of Indiana in the United States where the English language is spoken. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Asian Americans.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The language of the United States is English and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He is in the SV Babelsberg 03 club and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin. He is in the FSV Zwickau club.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona. He is the manager of AC Lumezzane.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis and they play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
AFC Blackpool have their ground in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK). Their manager is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They played in the 2014 season.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane. They played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He is in the Juventus F.C. club, Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. club and Inter Milan club.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece. They play in the Superleague Greece and competed in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and tenanted by Jong Ajax.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden Godenzonen. They have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season. Their full name is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaair and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He is also a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiaço Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club, is in the FC Admira Wacker Mödling club and is in the FK Austria Wien club. He is the manager of 1. FC Köln.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake, New York. The airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and has a length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the IATA location identifier of AGR and the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3990 and a runway name of 08/26.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and it is 2014.0 long.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Their hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City, which is lead by Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of the country is Charles Michel and the language spoken is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium and French is the language spoken there.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order Commelinids and the class Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House, London and produces BBC radio. Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling. It was created by Steve Bright.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. Duncan Rouleau is an American.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
Eric Flint, born in Burbank California, is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and is available as an E book with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in hardcover. The OCLC number is 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501. The ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States and written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) comes under the academic discipline of Math and has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and has the LCCN number 60040714 and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol) was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. It has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Cornell University in New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
Aenir is a paperback written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages. It has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. The language of the United States is English, same as in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders (born in British Hong Kong) was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman. Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was an American who was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member of Apollo 8.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus has a magistrate government. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lkke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arrs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Batak are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the country is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the US is Washington D.C.
Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT and club sandwich. The bacon sandwich is popular in the UK.
The bacon sandwich is popular in the UK and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, as is a cookie. The United States is home to the ethnic group of African Americans.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake (or Christmas pudding) are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. The dish comes from the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from Hong Kong, France, the United States or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from Hong Kong and the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of Bakewell pudding, which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia and popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish comes from the Paisa region and is typical Colombian cuisine.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish originates from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia, it is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Batchoy is a dish from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India. Vegetables are an ingredient in bhajji.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Binignit contains sago and sweet potato, which belongs to the flowering plant division of Solanales order of plants.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It includes coconut milk and sago.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso is a dish. Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and Zamboangans.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Arabic is spoken and Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups.
Binignit is a dessert from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. The university's president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the language spoken is English (also spoken in Great Britain).
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the US is English, as spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. The language of the United States is English, same as in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. English is the language spoken in the United States and Great Britain.
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle which was written by Australians. Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language of the United States and is also spoken in Great Britain.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. The book was written in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, the capital city is Washington D.C. and the inhabitants are known as Americans. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the language spoken is English (also spoken in Great Britain). The United States includes many Asian Americans.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The leader of the U.S. is known as the President and the inhabitants are called Americans. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S.A. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta and one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where the English language is spoken.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Potter County and the language spoken in the state is English.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California. It is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of California is California's 11th State Assembly district and the language spoken in the state is English.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has a total area of 344.9 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and has the area code 404.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres. It is 166 metres above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County and King County in the United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the English language is spoken. Round Rock is the largest city and Georgetown is the county seat.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the county seat is San Marcos. English is the language spoken in Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the county seat is San Marcos. Spanish is spoken in Hays County.
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken is American English.
Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County, Texas, where Spanish is spoken. Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where Houston is the largest city.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, Arlington is part of Tarrant County and Arlington is part of Tarrant County.
The capital of the United States is Washington DC and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. New York City is the largest city in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the people are called Americans and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany is part of Oregon in the United States.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The language of the United States is English and one of the ethnic groups is African American. The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States and the capital of the country is Washington D.C.
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama, which is part of Auburn, Alabama, in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey and the capital is Trenton. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of the United States. The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama and the language spoken is English.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana, in the United States. The language of the United States is English and the inhabitants are called Americans. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Asian Americans.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The leader of the United States is known as the President and the inhabitants are known as Americans. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Carrol County to its southeast, Cumberland County to its north and Frederick County to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku and whose leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument (zmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is known as the President of Turkey and his title is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B.M. Reddy. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the title of the leader is Monarchy of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the country's largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737. Denmark's leader is Lars Lkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Aarhus has Mols to its northeast. Its government type is magistrate.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau. Alan Tudyk starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader. He also plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC. The club's ground is in Blackpool where the leader is the Labour Party (UK).
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the Italian language is spoken. They play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The manager of the club is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C. and is attached to the club Real Zaragoza. The stadium is located in Marousi.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso. The language spoken in Italy is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the official language is Italian. Rome is the capital of Italy and the inhabitants are known as Italians.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Indonesia's leader is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Chinese and Malay people are ethnic groups there.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia and Malaysian Indian is an ethnic group there.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language of the United States and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from France and Hong Kong. Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders in France where French is spoken.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the Rosids order and the Rutaceae family.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France, where French is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the dish batagor is found. Batagor is a variation of the dish Siomay which contains peanut sauce. Shumai is also a variation of the dish.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the dish batagor is found. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor is found. Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake mushrooms. Batagor is a variation of Siomay.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala and the leader of India is T. S. Thakur. The people of India are called Indians.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where the people are called Indians.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken. Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by using honey.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where the dish Bionico is found in the Jalisco region. It is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it.
Arrs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the country's leader is Felipe VI. Spaniards are the main ethnic group of the country.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the language spoken is Italian. Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people are called Italians. Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken. Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader. Ayam penyet is also from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken. Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Spaniards are the ethnic group. Spanish is spoken in Spain.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Spaniards are the people of Spain.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 and is now retired. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14 and died in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a US national. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG. It has a runway length of 1818.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The ICAO location identifier of Al Asad airbase is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. It has a length of 3,990.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. It has a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 and deploys the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway at the airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0. The runway name is 18R/36L.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 7/25 and it has a length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena and is 210 metres above sea level. The runway name is 1/19 and it has a length of 2744.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located in colo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R with a length of 3800.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Two of the leaders of the country are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The language spoken in the country is Greek.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport serves the city of Atlantic City, which is lead by Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The capital of the country is Brussels and the leaders are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel.
Atlantic City International Airport has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown) in New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. Harrietstown, New York is part of Essex County, New York, in the United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where the language spoken is Arabic.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. The building was started in January 2014. The building has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and the capital of Illinois is Springfield.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The tenant of the hotel is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington DC.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. Greenlandic is a language spoken in Denmark.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington DC. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the Greenlandic language is spoken.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster. He also designed Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenny.
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. The building has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and has 3 floors. The address of the museum is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tar As and there is an ethnic group of Chinese people.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat is lead by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is a leader in Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is governed by Birmingham City Council and Labour politician, John Clancy.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the leader is known as the President of the United States. John Roberts is a leader in the United States and Barack Obama is a leader.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County and Frederick County, Maryland is southwest of Adams County.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. Alan Bean retired in June 1981. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California. Smilodon is a fossil found in California.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders (born in British Hong Kong) was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Frank Borman was also a crew member and Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot. Anders retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 mission along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He is now retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and the religion is the Church of Denmark. The leader's name is Lars Lkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and the country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. The Ganges is a river in India, where the largest city is Mumbai. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. Its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. The country's leader is Lars Lkke Rasmussen.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is made of bronze. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital city is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul. The currency used in Turkey is the Turkish lira.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the title of the leader is the Monarchy of Denmark. Aarhus has a magistrate government.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16000 students. Its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and became a test pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., also known as Buzz Aldrin, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has 20 awards to his credit. He is now retired.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission with William Anders as backup pilot. He is now retired.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is in office while Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman is in office.
Parti Bumiputera Sarawak is the party of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdul Rahman Taib is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's active years ended on 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal's active years ended on 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis was Prime Minister while Antonis Samaras was in office.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave's active years started on June 30th, 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave's military rank is Lieutenant colonel.
The Airey Neave service started in 1935.
Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party (United States).
Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is an Argentina national.
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active years start date is 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked at the office of the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers' active years started on 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers is a member of the United States Army.
Allan Shivers' successor is Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin's active years start on 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
The language spoken in Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The commander of the Gulf War is Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet is also known as the Dodge Coronet.
The 1955 Dodge engine was 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on the 7th of April, 2005.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella was christened on 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed on 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella's maiden voyage was on 2013-03-17.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport is the launch site for the ALV X-1.
The American Motors Matador is also known as the AMC Matador.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe engine is a Straight-four engine.
The Honda K engine is used in the Acura TLX.
The Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic transmission called ZF 4HP18QE.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
The Alhambra ship beam is 8.3 m.
Alhambra is Wrecked.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52.
The Alvis Speed 25 engine is a Straight-six engine.
The Alvis Speed 25 was launched in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6 m.
Antares rocket final flight was 2014-10-28.
Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is the launch site for the Antares rocket.
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti.
The launch site of Ariane 5 is Guiana Space Centre.
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on August 11, 2005.
The body style of the Aston Martin V8 is Convertible.
The Aston Martin V8 was produced by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin Virage was produced by Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II was on 1998-03-16.
Vandenberg Air Force Base is the launch site for Atlas II.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi A1 was assembled in Brussels.
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a vehicle related to the Fiat Croma.
Germans inhabit Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarters of Guiana Space Centre are in Kourou, French Guiana.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The Star-Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner footballer was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin is a member of the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905 tall.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli's youthclub is A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons are in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
The English language is spoken in Canada.
Slavey is a language spoken in Canada.
The Columbus Blue Jackets are from Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gabor Kubatov is chairman of Ferencvarosi TC.
Finnish is the language spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under-16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
The St. Louis Rams are from the city of St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram's active years started in 1998.
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness and is also associated with The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label was Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal band.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Progressive metal.
Abradab is a background solo singer.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a Hip hop music genre.
Agustn Barboza is a genre of Guarania music.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a Rock music artist.
Albennie Jones is associated with the band Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovac is a background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Soul music genre.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the band/musical artist Hector Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label was RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell's active years start in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4th, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a Pop music artist.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Johnny Sansone is a musical artist associated with Anders Osborne.
Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra is a Rhythm and blues singer.
Andrew Rayel's active years start in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band/musical artist Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White is a musician who is associated with the band Marry Banilow.
Andrew White is a musician who is signed to B-Unique Records.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music.
Hip hop music has the stylistic origin of funk.
New wave music is the stylistic origin of indie rock.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributor of RCA Records.
Blues is the stylistic origin of rock and roll.
Synthpop has the stylistic origin of Pop music.
British people inhabit the United Kingdom.
The 19255 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetres.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075 1950 DA.
The absolute magnitude of 410777 2009 FD is 22.1.
The apoapsis of 410777 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometers.
The apoapsis of 66063 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 kilometers.
66063 1998 RO1 epoch is 2013-11-04.
The escape velocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 km/s.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 kelvins.
101 Helena apoapsis is 441092000.0 kilometres.
101 Helena epoch is 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera weighs 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was discovered by A. Storrs.
The 1089 Tama's former names were A894 VA and A904 VD.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia epoch is 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas periapsis is 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea's average speed is 16.76 km/s.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch is 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart for his actions at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart for his actions at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze as his deputy. His successor is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and served as the Chief of the Defence Staff, Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff of Nigeria and is the successor of Al-Amin Daggash.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active from 1999-05-29.
Vice President Mike Akhigbe was in office when Abdulsalami Abubakar succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adam Koc fought in the World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross for his service with the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave's active years started on 1974-03-04 and he fought in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France which was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and served in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II commanded by Franklin D Roosevelt.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September 1856 and is a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain served as Vice President while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a Republican Party (United States).
Alberto Teisaire served as Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales served as the Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales' successor was Daniel Gould Fowle, whose alma mater was Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in the World War II commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur.
Ben Ramsey is the successor of Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur.
Alvah Sabin was born on the 23rd of October 1793 and worked as Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol, whose manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Steel Azin F.C. club and plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC, whose manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the 39th round.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley is in the RoPS club and plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club, whose manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Leeds United F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 1995-09-02 and is a member of the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and is a member of the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Dinamo Batumi club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantu.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, which is lead by the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the anthem is O.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the language is English.
Levan Khomeriki and Aleksandre Guruli are the managers of FC Dinamo Batumi.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club and plays at the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS who play in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and their ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and is a member of the Psychedelia genre.
Aaron Deer originates from Indiana in the United States.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and is associated with the musical artist Twilight. He plays Electroacoustic music.
Singing is one of the instruments used by Aaron Turner, who is in the Avant-garde metal genre.
Abradab is associated with the band/musical artist Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born in Katowice on 12th November 1978.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a member of the Hip hop music genre which has a Disco stylistic origin.
Ace Wilder is a background solo singer and is signed to Warner Music Group.
Agustn Barboza was born in Paraguay and has a record label called Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a member of the rock music genre, fusion genre and bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a member of the Country music genre of Rock music.
Albennie Jones is a member of the Blues and Jazz genres.
Aleksandra Kovac is a Pop music background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Aleksandra Kovac's active years start in 1990 and she is from the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day is from the genre of Synthpop, which has the stylistic origin of New wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Milonga music background solo singer.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Taquirari background solo singer.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba (artform) background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Plastik Mak and the musical artist Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk rock artist who is signed to Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp instruments. She is a member of the Jazz genre.
Allen Forrest is a background solo singer in Hip hop music.
Alternative rock is a subgenre of Christian music and Andrew White is a musician.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and blues and he is signed to Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is a Rhythm and blues artist who is signed to Shanachie Records.
Andra is a Pop music singer who has been active since the year 2000.
Andra is a singer who sings Rhythm and blues. Blues is the stylistic origin of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band/musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White is a musician who plays in the genre of Alternative rock which has the stylistic origin of New wave music.
The Banjo is an instrument used in Country music. Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ.
Andrew White (musician) is signed to Polydor Records which is located in London.
The apoapsis distance of the 19255 1994 VK8 is 6603633000.0 kilometres and the escape velocity is 0.0925 kilometres per second.
The apoapsis of 410777 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometers and the minimum temperature is 211.0 kelvins.
The periapsis of 410777 2009 FD, discovered by Spacewatch, is 88234300000.0.
66063 1998 RO1 epoch is 2013-11-04 and its escape velocity is 0.0999 kilometres per second.
The orbital period of 66391 1999 KW4 is 16244700.0 and the epoch was 2004-07-14.
The epoch of 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004-07-14 and its rotation period is 9953.28.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, died of Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed's average speed is 16.86 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 611961000.0 kilometres.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Germany national Walter Baade.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died of Peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama (formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB) was epoch on 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometers.
1097 Vicia epoch is 2006-12-31 and has a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
109 Felicitas epoch is 2006-12-31 and has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and its epoch is 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres and has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA and it was epoch on 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia was born on the 31st of December 2006 and has a mass of 6.7 kilograms.
110 Lydia's orbital period is 142603000.0 and its epoch is 2006-12-31.
A-Rosa Luna is a Cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 22nd January 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella was christened on 2013-03-16 and has a length of 253260 millimetres.
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 which has a Diesel-electric transmission.
The ALV X-1 rocket has a diameter of 1.524 metres and has 2 stages.
The AMC Matador was built in Kenosha, Wisconsin in 1974.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, who was employed by Chrysler.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is from Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is related to the Saab 9000.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387.0 cubic centimeter engine, a single plate clutch and a separate 4-speed gearbox. The centre change lever is all-silent and all-syncromesh. The propellor shaft has metal joints, spiral bevel and a fully floating back axle.
The Alvis Speed 25 engine is a Straight-six engine with a single plate clutch and a separate 4-speed gearbox. The centre change lever is all-silent and all-syncromesh and the propellor shaft has metal joints, spiral bevel and a fully floating back axle.
The American Motors Matador is the successor to the Eagle (automobile).
The Antares rocket's maiden flight was 2014-01-09 and it was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA-3.
Airbus Defence and Space, parent company Airbus Group, is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8.
The final flight of Atlas II was on 1998-03-16 and it has a diameter of 3.04 m.
Atlas II was built by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a division of Audi. The Audi e-tron is also available.
Audi, whose subsidiary is Ducati, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi whose subsidiary is Quattro GmbH.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is the power source of AIDAluna.
Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and is launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Aleksey Chirikov is an icebreaker builder from Finland where Juha Sipila is the leader.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of the American submarine NR-1.
Rolls-Royce Holdings own MTU Friedrichshafen which is powered by the A-Rosa Luna.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 assembly is located.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal. His alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is the successor of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. His deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and currently resides in Sarawak. He is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna. He was the Chief of the Defence Staff, Nigeria.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who is a member of the Nigerian Army. His Vice President is Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army during World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a Republican Party (United States). He served as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway, a member of the Grenadier Guards, fought in the Gulf War commanded by George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK).
Adam Koc was born in Congress, Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Leon Trotsky is the commander of the Polish-Soviet War, which is part of the Russian Civil War. Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as Minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis is in office while Prime Minister Antonis Samaras is in office. He is a member of the New Democracy (Greece) party who wear blue.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and she worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader and the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University, Nijmegen. She worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave's active years started on June 30th, 1953 and ended on March 30th, 1979. He fought in World War II.
Airey Neave's active years started on 1974-03-04 and ended on 1979-03-30. He fought in World War II.
Albert B. White was born 1856-09-22 and died 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory. He was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta and the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a Rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin is located in Burlington, Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. Its active years end on 1857-03-03.
Alvah Sabin was born on the 23rd of October 1793 and is a member of the Whig Party (United States). Henry Clay is the leader of the Whig Party.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the war.
Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Fredericksburg which is part of the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria, whose leader is Doris Bures.
Aaron S. Daggett fought at the Battle of Salem Church which was commanded by Robert E. Lee and was part of the American Civil War.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands where the currency is the euro.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group.
The apoapsis distance of the 19255 1994 VK8 is 6603633000.0 kilometers and its escape velocity is 0.0925 kilometres per second.
The orbital period of 410777 2009 FD is 39447000.0 and its periapsis is 88234300000.0. It was discovered by Spacewatch.
66063 1998 RO1 has a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree celsius. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66391 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second and a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetres. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometers.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and was epoch on 2015-06-27.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0348 km/s. Its apoapsis is 441092000.0 kilometres.
Walter Baade, a German national, graduated from the University of Göttingen and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera on the 27th of August 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin from Peritonitis.
103 Hera's apoapsis is 437170000.0 kilometres and its orbital period is 1622.13 days. Its epoch is 2011-08-27.
The apoapsis of 103 Hera is 437170000.0 kilometres and the temperature is 170.0 kelvins. The escape velocity is 0.0482 kilometres per second.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD) has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and was launched on 26 November 2005.
1089 Tama epoch is 2005-11-26 and has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia (formerly known as 1928 PC) has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and was epoch on 2006-12-31.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0. Its epoch is 2006-12-31.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres. Its epoch is 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea's orbital period is 5.57 days and its average speed is 16.76 km/s. Its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 km.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 squareKilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometers. Its average speed is 16.76 kilometres per second.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 squareKilometres, an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometers and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
110 Lydia, whose periapsis is 377016000000.0 and whose epoch is 2006-12-31, weighs 6.7 kilograms.
110 Lydia (epoch 2006-12-31) has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band/musical artist Kids Imagine Nation and the band Suburban Legends who play Pop music.
Aaron Deer is an Indiana - based Indie rock band.
Aaron Deer is a genre of Psychedelia and originates from Indiana in the United States.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black metal band Twilight and is also associated with the band Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Drone music band Twilight and is also associated with the band Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and is also associated with the musical artist Mamiffer. He creates Ambient music.
Aaron Turner plays the Electric guitar in Black metal and Death metal.
Aaron Turner is a vocalist and a member of the Black metal music fusion genre of Death metal.
Abradab was born on 12th November 1978. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
Abradab originates from Katowice and is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder is a member of the Hip hop music genre which has its origins in Disco and Funk.
Agustn Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is a leader.
Al Anderson is a member of the Rock music band NRBQ and sings.
Alan Frew is a member of the rock music genre which has a country origin and a fusion genre of Bhangra music.
Albennie Jones is a member of the Jazz music genre which has blues as its stylistic origin and a fusion genre called Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre which is a derivative of Disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Pop music duo K2 Kovac and is also associated with the band/musical artist Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Pop music band Bebi Dol and is also associated with the musical artist Kornelije Kovac.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Rhythm and blues duo K2 Kovac and is also associated with the band/musical artist Kristina Kovac.
Alex Day is a member of the Synthpop genre which has a Disco and Pop music stylistic origin.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was a United Kingdom national who was born in Manchester. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band/musical artist Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. She plays Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk music artist. She is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp and is a member of the Jazz and Funk genres.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Jazz derivative Funk group Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest (born in Dothan, Alabama) is a Pop music background solo singer.
Allen Forrest, born in Dothan, Alabama, is a Rhythm and blues background singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a musician in the alternative rock genre, which has the stylistic origins of New wave music and Nu metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne's music genre is Rock music, fusion and bhangra. He is signed to Rabadash Records.
Andra is a Dance-pop singer who is associated with Puya (singer) and the band/associated musical artist CRBL.
Andra Balan is a Rhythm and blues singer who is also associated with Andreea Balan and Marius Moga.
Andra is a Rhythm and blues singer who sings as a background solo singer. Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn and is a Trance music artist.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance music band Jonathan Mendelsohn and is also associated with the band Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band/musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns who play House music.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. His record label is Universal Records which is now defunct.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends and is associated with the genre of Ska punk.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Dodge Coronet is an alternative name for the 1955 Dodge which has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna is a Cruise ship that was ordered on 22nd January 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna has a displacement of 1850.0 tonnes, a top speed of 24 and a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAstella was christened on March 16th, 2013 and is in service until March 17th, 2013. Her length is 253260 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It has a Four-stroke engine.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the RS-3 which is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the people are called Americans.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C.
The ALV X-1 rocket has a diameter of 1.524 metres and has 2 stages and 1 launch.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and has a Straight-four engine.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a width of 1.55. It is a Two door coupe.
The icebreaker Beam 21.2 was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, where the capital is Rome and Lancia Thema is a means of transportation.
The Alfa Romeo 164, which is assembled in Arese, is related to the Fiat Croma and the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
The ship Alhambra was launched on May 31st, 1855 and has a beam of 8.3 m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres.
The ship Alhambra was launched on May 31st, 1855 and has a beam of 8.3 m. She is now wrecked.
Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry, is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 with a Petrol engine.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors which manufactured the AMC Matador.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which is comparable to the Delta II rocket which originates from the United States.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which has a medium expendable launch system and is launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Ariane 5 was built by Arianespace and launched from the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8 is 5.3 litres in engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. The V8 is assembled in Newport, Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.
The Aston Martin DBS is a means of transportation that is related to the Aston Martin V8 engine which is 5.3 litres and is assembled in the United Kingdom.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Atlas II launch site is Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States and the Spaceport, Florida Launch Complex 36.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine and is a Hatchback. The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels.
The Volkswagen Polo and the Audi A1 are related means of transportation. The SEAT Ibiza is a similar vehicle to the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna power type is used by Caterpillar Inc.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II which was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 in the United States.
The Guiana Space Centre, headquartered in French, is the site of ELA-3 and the Ariane 5 launch site.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French. It is the location of the ELA-3 launch site and the Ariane 5 launch site.
The Neptun Werft is located in the city of Rostock, Germany and is the builder of the A-Rosa Luna.
Atlas II originates from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the people are called Americans.
Aaron Hunt (youthclub Goslarer SC 08) is in the VfL Wolfsburg club and plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg, where Aaron Hunt plays. He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández (youthclub Central Espaol) plays for Hull City A.F.C. and U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández (youthclub Central Espaol) plays for U.S Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Adam Maher (born in the Netherlands) plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and W Connection F.C.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in Round 2 with Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the Round 2 of the Draft. He was picked 39th overall.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Shabab Al-Ordon Club club and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin (born 1989-01-01) is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Clyde F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. Accrington Stanley's ground is in Accrington and he is also a member of the Motherwell F.C.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02. He is a member of the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk. He is a member of the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the AZAL PFK club and plays for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the US Lesquin club and plays for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and the Italy national under-16 football team. The manager of A.C. Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the U.C. Sampdoria club and plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and the Italy national under-16 football team coach is Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He is a member of the Italy national under-17 football team.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and has a height of 1.9304. He is in the Anyang Halla club.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and has a height of 1.9304. He is in the Anyang Halla club.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Euroleague. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and they play in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Tom Tomsk club and plays for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the FC Anzhi Makhachkala youthclub and plays for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. The club played in the Russian Premier League in the 2014-15 season and Aleksandr Chumakov is a member of the club.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. and Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
Abner is a member of the Brazil national under-20 football team and plays for Real Madrid Castilla. The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis and Abner plays for C.D. FAS.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis which is part of Greater St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of St. Louis.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt is in the SV Werder Bremen II club which is managed by Alexander Nouri and plays in the 3. Liga league.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol and Central Espaol.
Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Penarol, where Abel Hernández plays. He also plays for Central Espaol and U.S. Citta di Palermo.
Abel Hernandez (youthclub Pearol) plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo who play in the Serie A league and are managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born on the 12th of October 1986 in Prince Edward Island and weighed 94.8024 kilograms.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins. The Bruins were drafted by Adam McQuaid, who is also a member of the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989. He played for the St. Louis Rams and the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27, 1987. He was a member of the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27, 1987. He was a member of the Atlanta Falcons and the Houston Texans.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim and has the ground Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al Kharaitiyat SC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Iraq national under-23 football team and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The club's ground is Al Khor and its manager is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Shabab Al-Ordon Club club and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The club's ground is Al Khor and the manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (born 1989-01-01) is 185.42 cm tall and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Alan Martin (born 1989-01-01) is 185.42 cm tall and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. He is a member of the Scotland national under-21 football team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185.0 cm tall. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989. He is 185.0 cm tall and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli (born in Batumi) is 178.0 cm tall and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante was born in Canada on the 9th of May 1989 and is in the Anyang Halla club.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989 and has a height of 1.9304. He is in the Anyang Halla club.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the Inuktitut language is spoken and the anthem is O Canada. Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O and the leader is Elizabeth II. One of the ethnic groups in Canada are the Asian Canadians.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O and the leader is Elizabeth II. Slavey is a language spoken in Canada.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Kuban Krasnodar club and plays for FC Terek Grozny. The club's ground is in Grozny and its manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
The chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow is Aleksandr Tukmanov. The club played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15 and the manager is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons and the Houston Texans in Houston, Texas.
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. who play in the Uruguayan Primera Division. Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Penarol.
The orbital period of 19255 1994 VK8 is 8788850000.0. Its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 kilometres and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0. It was epoch on 2006-12-31.
The orbital period of 66063 1998 RO1 is 360.29 days and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometers. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 kilometres per second and it was epoch on 2013-11-04.
66063 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch is 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27 and its escape velocity is 0.0252 kilometres per second.
Sergey Belyavsky is the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia which was previously known as 1923 OAA907 XC and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. It was epoch on 2015-06-27.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade who was born in Preussisch, Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He is the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade who discovered 1036 Ganymed. Baade died in West Germany and his alma mater was the University of Göttingen.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Michigan and died of Peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometers.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, died in Madison, Wisconsin from Peritonitis. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometers.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was discovered on 2001-03-01.
1089 Tama (formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD) has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0. It was epoch on 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama's orbital period is 1202.846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0068 km/s and its orbital period is 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its epoch is 2006-12-31 and its mass is 9.8 kilograms.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0. Its epoch is 2006-12-31 and its escape velocity is 0.0473 kilometres per second.
10 Hygiea (formerly known as A900 GA) has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0. Its epoch is 2015-06-27.
The orbital period of 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0 and its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometers. Its epoch is 2006-12-31 and its escape velocity is 0.02 km/s.
The orbital period of 1101 Clematis (formerly known as 1928 SJ) is 183309000.0 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. It was epoch on 2006-12-31.
The orbital period of 1101 Clematis is 183309000.0 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. Its epoch is 2006-12-31 and its escape velocity is 0.02 km/s.
The 1955 Dodge has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches and a V8 engine. It was produced by Dodge and has a 3-speed automatic transmission.
The DeSoto Firedome is a successor to the DeSoto Custom which was produced by DeSoto (automobile) in 1955. The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. The ship was built by Meyer Werft in Rostock.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. She is operated by AIDA Cruises and has a length of 253260 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. The engine is a V12 engine and the powertrain is a Diesel-electric transmission.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine. The RS-3 was built between May 1950 and August 1956.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in Schenectady, New York, in the United States. The length of the RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres.
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. The engine is a V12 engine and the powertrain is a Diesel-electric transmission.
The Montreal Locomotive Works were the builders of the ALCO RS-3 which has 12 cylinders and was built between May 1950 and August 1956. The engine is a Four-stroke engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matador, is a Station wagon that was assembled in Mexico City. The engine is an AMC V8 engine.
The AMC Matador (also known as the VAM Classic) is a Mid-size car and is built in Kenosha, Wisconsin. The engine is an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Acura TLX is a Mid-size car with a front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive configuration. The engine is a Honda K engine and it is built in Marysville, Ohio.
The Acura TLX is a Luxury vehicle with a V6 engine and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland and is currently in service. The icebreaker's beam is 21.2.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipila and the people are called Finns.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is currently in service. The icebreaker's beam is 21.2.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and is related to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema. The 164 has a Straight-four engine.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a vehicle produced in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000. The 164 has a V6 engine.
Alhambra was launched on May 31st, 1855 and has a beam of 8.3 m and a length of 63800.0 millimetres. She is now wrecked.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry, is the successor of the Rover Company. It is the manufacturer of the Alvis Speed 25 which has a Petrol engine.
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry, is the successor of the Rover Company. The Speed 25 has a Straight-six engine.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors which produced the AMC Matador and the successor to the Eagle (automobile).
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25 January 1969. It has a beam of 3.8 m and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 and a ship beam of 3.8 m. The submarine is 45000.0 millimetres in length.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket. The rocket's maiden flight was on April 21st, 2013 and its final flight was on October 28th, 2014. The rocket's launch site is Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched on April 21st, 2013 from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and completed on September 18th, 2013.
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 which is assembled in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London.
The Aston Martin V8 is 5.3 litres and is assembled in the United Kingdom. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin Virage is the successor to the Aston Martin V8, which has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
The Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on December 5th, 2002.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini with a 1.2 litre engine and is assembled in Audi Brussels.
The Audi A1 was founded by August Horch. The Audi division, Audi e-tron, is a subsidiary of Ducati.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. The ship was built by Meyer Werft in Genoa.
The Antares rocket, which is similar to Delta II, is launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The United States is the origin of Delta II.
Antares rocket is similar to Delta II which is launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Delta II originates from the United States.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a Sedan (automobile) that was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a Sedan (automobile) that was assembled in Milan and is related to the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of the American submarine NR-1, which has a beam of 3.8 metres. The submarine was built in Groton, Connecticut by the General Dynamics Electric Boat.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Atlas II originates from the United States where English is the language and the capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Atlas II originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C. The people of the United States are known as Americans.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska punk band Kids Imagine Nation and is also associated with the band Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson is a trombonist in the band.
Aaron Deer is a Psychedelia solo singer from Indianapolis.
Aaron Turner is a vocalist and a member of the band Isis. He is also a member of the band Sumac and is associated with the musical artist Isis.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Post-metal band Twilight (band) and Old Man Gloom. His active years started in 1995.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a member of the Black metal band Sumac. He is also a member of the Fusion Genre Death metal band.
Born in Stockholm on July 23rd, 1982, Ace Wilder is a background solo singer.
Ace Wilder (born 23rd July 1982 in Sweden) is a background solo singer.
Born in Stockholm in 1982, Ace Wilder is a background solo singer and songwriter.
Born in Sweden in 1982, Ace Wilder is a background solo singer and songwriter.
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is Rhythm and blues and he was born in Washington, D.C. and is non performing personnel. He is from the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and Rock and roll has the stylistic origin of blues.
Albennie Jones, who was active in 1950, is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre. Blues is the stylistic origin of rhythm and blues, which is a derivative of Disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. His music genre is Jazz which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Aleksandra Kovac (born in Belgrade in 1972) is a Pop music background singer.
Aleksandra Kovac (born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972) is a Rhythm and blues background solo singer.
Charlie McDonnell and the band Chameleon Circuit are associated with Alex Day, who has been active since 2006 and plays Acoustic music.
Alex Day is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell is a musical artist. He has been active since 2006 and produces Electronic music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martinez (politician). Uruguayans are from Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, born in Uruguay, is a Candombe background solo singer. His record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk music performer. She is associated with the band Bajik and the musical artist Flibbertigibbet. Her active years started in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and is associated with the musical artist Head South By Weaving. She is a Folk music performer and her career started in 1963.
Floating World Records is the label of Alison O'Donnell who is a Jazz musician. Deram Records is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Jazz group Fruits de Mer and has released music under the label Deram Records which is based in London.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in 1981 and is a background solo singer. His music genre is Acoustic music.
Allen Forrest (born 1981) is a Hip hop music background singer. He was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL.
Andrew White is a musician who is associated with the band Marry Banilow. He is a member of the Alternative rock music genre which has the stylistic origin of Punk rock. The genre is a fusion of Nu metal and alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Rock music band Galactic. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records which is located in Chicago and is a Blues label. His label is Shanachie Records.
Andra (born in Romania) is a Dance-pop singer. She sings as a background solo singer.
Andra is a singer of the genre Rhythm and blues. Funk is a derivative of Rhythm and blues which has the stylistic origin of Blues. Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn and is a Trance music artist. His active years start in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band/musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. Trance music has the stylistic origin of House music.
Andrew White is an Alternative rock musician. He is associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. His career started in 2003.
Andrew White (born in 2003) is a musician who is associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He was signed to Universal Records which is now defunct.
Agustn Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asunción, where Juan Afara is the leader.
The Banjo is an instrument used in Country music. The band NRBQ is associated with Al Anderson and The Wildweeds.
Allen Forrest is a member of the Hip hop music genre. Hip hop music is derived from Drum and bass and Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and is a member of the Labour Party. He was born in Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Aaron Turner is a member of the post-metal band Twilight and is also associated with House of Low Culture and the cello.
The band Twilight, whose members include Aaron Turner, play the electric guitar and are associated with the Black metal and Death metal genres.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. His music genre is Rhythm and blues which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and served in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He worked as a minister in the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and lives in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and is from Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He is from the Asajaya region.
Adenan Satem is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Japan and is a British Borneo national. He currently resides in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati, Sarawak party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He is the successor of Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese and is a British Borneo. He lives in Sarawak.
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe who is the Vice President. His successor is Atiku Abubakar and he is the military branch of Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is in office while Vice President Mike Akhigbe. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya and his successor is Al-Amin Daggash. He is a member of the Nigerian Air Force.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He is the son of Francisco Franco and the successor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. He is the Prime Minister and the Monarch.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He is married to Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He fought in the Gulf War and started his active years on 2005-05-05.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish-Soviet War. The Polish language is spoken in Poland and the commander of the Polish-Soviet War was Joseph Stalin.
Adam Koc was killed in New York City during the Polish–Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish–Soviet War was Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as Vice-President of New Democracy. His successor was Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was the successor of Makis Voridis in the Ministry of Economy Development and Tourism, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and served as a member of the Hellenic Parliament. His successor was Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is Emile Roemer who is a member of the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant was a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party and is of the nationality of Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders of the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and is a member of the Socialist Party (Norway) which is led by Emile Roemer and wears the colour red.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and was active from 1953-06-30 until 1979-03-30. He fought in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and was active from 1974-03-04 until 1979-03-30. He fought in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave was part of the Royal Artillery garrisoned at Hohne and fought in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was the commander.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland and was active from 1901-03-04 to 1905-03-04.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where the French language is spoken. He fought in the American Civil War commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. He fought in the American Civil War and was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodrguez Larreta. He was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while President Juan Peron was in office.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He was a Rear admiral and served as Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as the Governor of North Carolina. His successor was Daniel Gould Fowle.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the U.S. Army. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. His successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). He served as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and his successor was Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers (born in Lufkin, Texas) is a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as the Governor of Texas. His successor was Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers (born in Lufkin, Texas) is a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as the Governor of Texas. His successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin served as Secretary of State of Vermont and represented the 3rd congressional district of Vermont. The largest city in the state is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin is from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. The Whig Party (United States) is led by Daniel Webster.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart for his actions at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He is a member of the Labour Party and the President is Juan Peron.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and is a member of the Labour Party. He is the successor to President Juan Peron and Isaac Rojas.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. The ship was built by Meyer Werft in Germany and Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and was built by Meyer Werft at a beam of 32.2 and a top speed of 38.892. The ship's length is 253260.0 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3, which has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. The RS-3 was built between May 1950 and August 1956. The engine is a Four-stroke engine.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was built between May 1950 and August 1956.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C. The anthem of the US is The Star-Spangled Banner and the inhabitants are called Americans.
The AMC Matador (also known as American Motors Matador) is a Mid-size car that was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. The engine is an AMC V8 engine.
Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers in London and is owned by the P&O company. The ship has a beam of 8.3 m and is powered by Humphrys Tennant and Dykes.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors which is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and the successor to the Eagle (automobile). Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 and a draft of 4.6 m. The submarine has a beam of 3.8 m and a length of 45000.0 millimetres.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport is the launch site for the Antares rocket which is similar to the Delta II rocket. The United States is the origin of the Antares rocket which is launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and associated with the rocket Minotaur IV.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was launched on 28 October 2014 from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 with a diameter of 3.9 metres. The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 13 July 2014 and the maiden flight was on 28 October 2014.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which has a diameter of 3.9 metres. It was launched on October 28th, 2014 from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its maiden flight was on September 18th, 2013.
The final flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2009-12-18, it was built by Airbus Defence and Space and its maiden flight was on August 11th, 2005. The Ariane 5 has a diameter of 5.4 metres.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates the ELA-3 launch site. The Guiana Space Centre is located in French Guiana and the Ariane 5 launch site is also operated by Arianespace.
The Aston Martin V8 is a 5.3 litre engine produced by Aston Martin at the Newport Pagnell plant. It is the successor to the Aston Martin Vantage and the Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin V8 is a 5.3 litre V8 engined Coupe body style. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. It is assembled at Newport Pagnell.
The Aston Martin Virage is a successor to the Aston Martin V8 which was assembled in the UK. The Virage is a means of transportation that is related to the Aston Martin DBS. Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini with a 1.2 litre engine and a Hatchback body style. It was assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
The Audi A1 was founded by August Horch. Audi has a division called Audi e-tron and a subsidiary called Lamborghini.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Peoria, Illinois in California.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is powered by Caterpillar Inc. AIDAluna is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States in Peoria, Illinois. Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft in Genoa and is owned by Costa Crociere. The parent company of Costa Crociere is Carnival Corporation & plc. AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAstella.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila and the people are called Finns. The Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germany's capital is Berlin and its leader is Joachim Gauck.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Vosskuhle.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where English is the language spoken and the capital city is Washington D.C. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Pearol Central Espaol. Pearol play in the Uruguayan Segunda Division and Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for the Soviet Union national football team. He died in Russia where Valentina Matviyenko is the leader. He played for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Karpaty Lviv club. The manager of the club is Oleh Luzhny. Olympique Lyonnais, whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas, has its ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays as a Defender (football) for A.C. Milan who are in the Serie A league and are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovi. He previously played for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He is also a member of the Italy national under-17 football team and is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Abel Hernández is a member of the Uruguay national football team and plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo. He plays for Central Espaol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division. Hisnández's youth club is Central Espaol and he is managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Amkar Perm club. He is in the Otkrytiye Arena club and is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Spartak Moscow club and plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. The club's ground is in Grozny.
Aleksandr Chumakov (born in the Soviet Union) is a member of the Soviet Union national football team. He plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and is managed by Valery Petrakov. He played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
The chairman of Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and the Ferencvarosi TC ground is Palo Seco. The manager of Ferencvarosi TC is Thomas Doll.
The ground of Ferencvarosi TC is Palo Seco Velodrome and the manager is Thomas Doll. The chairman of Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov and he plays for United Petrotrin F.C.
The orbital period of the 19255 1994 VK8 is 8788850000.0. Its mass is 5.6 kilograms and its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, graduated from the University of Michigan and was the discoverer of 101 Helena, discovered 1868-08-15. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Michigan and died of Peritonitis.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He graduated from the University of Göttingen and was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was the doctoral student of Halton Arp and Allan Sandage and the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and is a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, graduated from the University of Michigan and discovered 103 Hera on September 7th, 1868. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson (Canadian) graduated from the University of Michigan and discovered 103 Hera which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometers. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla was discovered by B. Zellner and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 kilometres and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. It was epoch on 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla was discovered by C. Woods and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 kilometres and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. It was epoch on 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla was discovered by F. Vilas on December 31, 2006 and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 kilometres.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has the absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1089 Tama (formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB) has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometers. Its epoch is 2005-11-26 and its escape velocity is 0.0068 kilometres per second.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms and an orbital period of 183309000.0. Its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.02 km/s. The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 days, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres. Its epoch is 2005-11-26 and its temperature is 173.0 kelvins.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on the 21st of May 1936 in Miri, Malaysia. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and currently resides in Kuching.
Adenan Satem is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. His residence is Demak Jaya Jalan Bako Kuching, Sarawak and his alma mater is the University of Adelaide. His party is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was Vice President of Nigeria from 1999-05-29. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor is Atiku Abubakar. The Nigerian Navy is the military branch of Mike Akhigbe.
Olusegun Obasanjo's successor is Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served as Vice President, while his predecessor is Oladipo Diya. Abubakar's military branch is the Nigerian Army and he was in office from 1999-05-29.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served as Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. He is the husband of Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He served as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham and was a member of the Grenadier Guards. His active years started on 2005-05-05.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and was a member of the Conservative Party (UK). He graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He began his active years on 2005-05-05.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He is the successor of Makis Voridis. He was Prime Minister while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte and the Socialist Party (Netherlands). She worked as a member of the House of Representatives. Emile Roemer is also a member of the Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands. She has lived in Doesburg and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are leaders in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte and the Socialist Party (Netherlands). Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party.
Albert B. White was born in 1856-09-22 and died in 1941. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland. His wife was Agnes Ward White.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and served as Governor of West Virginia. His wife was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M. O. Dawson. His active years ended on 1905-03-04.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and is a Republican Party (United States). His active years started on 1901-03-04 and ended on 1905-03-04. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Horacio Rodrguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires where the Labour Party is the main political party. The president of Argentina is Juan Peron who is married to Eva Peron. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on the 20th of May 1891. He served as Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was a Rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian Peoples Party.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was in the 3rd congressional district of Vermont which has Burlington as its largest city. His active years ended on March 3rd, 1857.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was from Vermont's 3rd congressional district. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
The Battle of Gettysburg is part of the American Civil War and was fought by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The American Civil War was fought at the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the military conflict. Jefferson Davis was the commander of the American Civil War.
Juan Peron is married to Eva Peron and is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. The Spanish language is spoken in Argentina and Alberto Teisaire is the President.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is also a member of the band Suburban Legends and Brian Robertson is a trombonist. He is a member of the band Ska punk which has the stylistic origin of Punk rock.
Aaron Deer is a genre of Indie rock and is associated with the band Wee Giant. He is a solo singer from Indiana.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States. He is a member of the Black metal band Lotus Eaters and is associated with the band Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner is a Sludge metal musician from Massachusetts. He is a member of the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Abradab was born on 12th November 1978 in Katowice, Poland. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik.
Ace Wilder (born 23rd July 1982 in Sweden) is a background solo singer.
Born in Stockholm on July 23rd, 1982, Ace Wilder is a background solo singer and songwriter.
Ace Wilder is a member of the Hip hop music subgenre Gangsta rap. Hip hop music has the stylistic origins of Funk, Drum and bass and Disco.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a member of the Hip hop music genre. Hip hop music is derived from Drum and bass and has a stylistic origin in Funk. Hip hop music is also influenced by Disco.
The band The Wildweeds are associated with Al Anderson (born in Windsor, Connecticut) who is a member of the Rock music band NRBQ. The band was active in 1966.
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ and plays the guitar. The band is associated with the musical artist NRBQ. The band's genre is Rock music which has the stylistic origins of Country music and fusion genres such as Bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a Canadian musician who was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario. He is a background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac (born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972) is a Pop music and Disco Fusion singer.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the Rhythm and blues duo K2 Kovac and a member of the band Kornelije Kovac. She started her career in 1990 and is a background solo singer.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He was a United Kingdom national. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is Boris Johnson and he is a member of the European Parliament.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK) and the leader of London is the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Folk music of Ireland. She is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and the musical artist Mellow Candle. Her career started in 1963 and she is currently signed to Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell, who is from London, is a member of the Jazz and Funk genres. Her label is Deram Records and her label is Stanyan Records.
Alison O'Donnell, who plays the Autoharp, is a member of the Folk music and Jazz genres. She is a derivative of Funk and Afrobeat.
Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran, percussion and autoharp. She is a member of the Jazz music Fusion genre and Blues.
Allen Forrest is a background solo singer who was born in Fort Campbell, Alabama in 1981. He is from Dothan, Alabama.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Rock music band Galactic. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His active years started in 1989.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Blues band Galactic. He is also associated with Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso. He was active in 1989.
Andra (born in Campia Turzii in 1986) is a Dance-pop singer. She is also a Reality television judge and sings as a background solo singer.
Andra (born in Romania in 1986) is a Rhythm and blues singer. She sings as a background solo singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Bobina and the musical artist Armin van Buuren. Trance music has the stylistic origins of Pop music. The band's members include: Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan Alexander Popov, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun Lira and Yin Alexandra Badoi.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. He is a Trance music artist and has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He is associated with the band Bobina and the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine. He is a Trance music artist and has been active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel plays the string instrument and is associated with the band/musical artist John Digweed. He is also associated with the band/musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns.
Andrew White (born in 2003) is a musician who is associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He is also associated with the label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a member of the Hip hop music genre. Hip hop music has the origins of Disco and Funk and is a derivative of Drum and bass.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and is a member of the Hip hop music genre. Hip hop music is derived from Drum and bass and Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. He was a member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom in London. The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.
Agustn Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. One of the ethnic groups in Paraguay is the Mestizo.
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician from London. His label is Polydor Records and he has a label called B-Unique Records.
Andrew White is a musician from London. He is a member of the Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal band. His record label is Polydor Records and his label is Universal Records which is now defunct.
The band Al Anderson NRBQ, who play the guitar, is part of the genre of Rock music, which has the stylistic origins of Country music and Blues. Fusion genres include Bhangra music and Rock music.
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ. Rock music has the stylistic origins of Blues and Country music. It is also influenced by fusion genres such as Bhangra and Country music. The Banjo is an instrument used in Rock music.
The band Twilight are a genre of Black metal and fusion genre of death metal. Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is associated with the band Old Man Gloom.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country's leaders are Raul Fernando Sendic Rodrguez and Daniel Martinez (politician). The language spoken in Uruguay is Spanish.